Hello GitHub,

My name is Don Graziano & I am writing in reply to your GitHub:jobs listing for a Supportocat.

I love GitHub. Simple as that. I also love cooperation & I strongly believe that when we work together we can do great things. When I first encountered git I was really impressed with the potential for collaboration & almost immediately started to revise my workflows to take advantage of this fantastic new tool. Over the next few months I became aware of GitHub & was blown away. Although my initial experience with git was as version control for software projects, what impressed me about GitHub was all of the non-software projects that use git & GitHub as a resource for open communication & distributed creation. From software to design projects to legal documents, to Law itself, the magnitude of these resources is quite simply prolific. I strongly feel that this sort of capital is the true power of the internet & I would greatly appreciate the opportunity to be a part of such an enterprise.

Although not quite a git master (yet). I am comfortable with its use and with the command line. I have assisted a number of friends & colleagues implementing git in their various workflows. When it comes to technical computer skills I am rather well versed in a number of languages & technologies including, but not limited to Ruby, HTML, CSS, Git, UNIX, and Mac OSX. Also there are a number of tools & secondary languages I employ quite regularly including HAML, SASS, Markdown, Sinatra, Pow, and various remote services such as Heroku & GitHub. In addition I have a working (and constantly improving) knowledge of various persistence systems such as SQLite & PostgreSQL as well as a few NoSQL systems such as Redis & MongoDB.

The majority of my past work experience includes customer based services such as Retail & Restaurants as well as a few years as a Bicycle Courier in a major North American city. My retail experience has been with companies such as H&M & Urban Outfitters. Although my experience includes sales, the majority of my work has been in the logistics end of the business, managing stockrooms, handling shipping & receiving and being generally responsible for the day to day operational aspects of the retail business. When it comes to restaurants my experience has been mainly in the back of house operations with fine dining establishments. My responsibilities have included such duties as serving & busing tables, custodial & maintenance tasks, and the various running around tasks that go along with smooth operation to satisfy customers.

The most influential job that I have had to date has been that of a bicycle courier. A rather unique aspect of this job is the autonomy required for successful & efficient discharge of your duties. If you do not take the initiative to provide expedient & efficient service you will not be successful, your clients will not be happy, your dispatcher will be unimpressed, and there will be no one responsible but yourself. My work as a bicycle courier has also provided me with organizational skills not just from the management and daily tasks of transportation but from my involvement in the planning and execution of the 2008 Cycle Messenger World Championship as well as various smaller races & events.

In addition to the organizational, motivational, and operational skills I have been able to acquire & refine as a Bicycle Courier; I have been able to apply my technical skills to the design, development, and deployment of a computerized dispatch system using the various previously named technologies. The system employs QR Codes & a notification system to dispatch, track, and manage the client waybills and couriers involved in delivery. Although this project is not hosted on GitHub, I do employ a locally hosted world accessible git repository for management of this project. As for GitHub, I am active with the username 'therocketforever' My repositories although meager are available for your inspection.

I believe that I would be a good fit for this position in technical support because I love to help people grow both in terms of perspective & ability. I am an effective & efficient communicator as well a fast learner & effective instructor. Additionally, I currently have completely open availability and alacrity for improving the internet & the world in any way that I can. Together we can make everything better. I believe that GitHub is excellent evidence of that. I eagerly await an opportunity to contribute to the advancement of your enterprise however minor.

Regards & Thank you for your consideration.

Don Graziano




Attached you will find my resume.

p.s. I sincerely apologize as my personal website is currently undergoing re-development and as of this writing currently unavailable. However, this project is hosted on GitHub and available at https://GitHub.com/therocketforever/therocketforever I would be more than enthusiastic to answer any questions you may have or discuss the philosophies guiding the further development of the site.


